Sexism/Sexual Harrassment

(10 points) Which of the following was NOT one of the original 13 colonies?
a. Georgia
b. New Hampshire
c. Virginia
d. West Virginia

(20 points) Who was the first African American to be nominated for a major party's presidential nomination?
a. Al Sharpton
b. Jesse Jackson
c. Shirley Chisholm
d. Barack Obama

(30 points) Which of the following events was NOT part of the civil rights movement of the 1950s and 1960s?
a. The Greensboro sit-ins
b. The Freedom Rides
c. The March on Washington
d. The Stonewall riots

(40 points) Which of the following laws was NOT passed during the civil rights era?
a. Civil Rights Act of 1964
b. Voting Rights Act of 1965
c. Fair Housing Act of 1968
d. Affirmative Action Act of 1971

(50 points) Which of the following groups was NOT involved in the civil rights movement?
a. Black Power movement
b. NAACP
c. SCLC
d. Ku Klux Klan

(60 points) Who was the first African American to be elected president of the United States?
a. Barack Obama
b. Bill Clinton
c. John F. Kennedy
d. Jimmy Carter

(70 points) Which of the following events did NOT lead to the civil rights movement?
a. World War II
b. The Great Migration
c. The Civil War
d. The Reconstruction Era

(80 points) Which of the following Supreme Court cases did NOT involve issues of race?
a. Plessy v. Ferguson
b. Brown v. Board of Education
c. Roe v. Wade
d. Loving v. Virginia

(90 points) Which of the following African American leaders was NOT involved in the civil rights movement?
a. Malcolm X
b. Martin Luther King Jr.
c. Rosa Parks
d. Barack Obama

(100 points) Which of the following groups was NOT involved in the civil rights movement?
a. Black Panther Party
b. SNCC
c

What was the first country to grant women the right to vote?
A. United States
B. France
C. New Zealand
D. Sweden

*C. New Zealand

Who was the first woman to be elected to the United States Congress?
A. Ruth Bader Ginsburg
B. Elizabeth Cady Stanton
C. Shirley Chisholm
D. Susan B. Anthony

*C. Shirley Chisholm

What was the main goal of the women's suffrage movement?
A. To secure the right to work outside the home
B. To obtain the right to divorce their husbands
C. To gain the right to vote
D. To obtain the right to own property

*C. To gain the right to vote

Which of the following was NOT a justification used to deny women the right to vote?
A. Women were not intelligent enough to vote
B. Women were not interested in politics
C. Women were too emotional to make informed decisions
D. Women were already represented by their fathers or husbands

*D. Women were already represented by their fathers or husbands

What was the name of the landmark Supreme Court case that declared gender-based segregation in education to be unconstitutional?
A. Roe v. Wade
B. Plessy v. Ferguson
C. Brown v. Board of Education
D. Reed v. Reed

*C. Brown v. Board of Education

Who was the first woman to serve as the CEO of a Fortune 500 company?
A. Mary Barra
B. Carly Fiorina
C. Sheryl Sandberg
D. Ursula Burns

*B. Carly Fiorina

Who was the first woman to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize?
A. Mother Teresa
B. Malala Yousafzai
C. Rigoberta Menchú
D. Jane Addams

*D. Jane Addams

Which amendment to the United States Constitution granted women the right to vote?
A. 13th Amendment
B. 14th Amendment
C. 15th Amendment
D. 19th Amendment

*D. 19th Amendment

*What was the first country to grant women the right to vote?
a. United States
b. Canada
c. United Kingdom
d. New Zealand
Point value: 10

*Which of the following amendments to the United States Constitution granted women the right to vote?
a. 13th Amendment
b. 15th Amendment
c. 19th Amendment
d. 21st Amendment
Point value: 10

*Which woman is known for her work in the women's suffrage movement and for her role as the first woman to hold a seat in the United States Congress?
a. Susan B. Anthony
b. Sojourner Truth
c. Elizabeth Cady Stanton
d. Jeannette Rankin
Point value: 10

*Which woman was the first female CEO of a Fortune 500 company?
a. Karen P. Hughes
b. Mary Barra
c. Ursula Burns
d. Anne Mulcahy
Point value: 20

*Which woman was the first female Supreme Court justice in the United States?
a. Ruth Bader Ginsburg
b. Sandra Day O'Connor
c. Sonia Sotomayor
d. Elena Kagan
Point value: 20

*Which woman was the first female president of a major world religion, the United Methodist Church?
a. Linda Lee Tarver
b. Leontine T. Kelly
c. Marjorie Matthews
d. Chanequa Walker-Barnes
Point value: 20

*Which woman was the first female speaker of the United States House of Representatives?
a. Nancy Pelosi
b. Shirley Chisholm
c. Bella Abzug
d. Geraldine Ferraro
Point value: 20

*Which woman was the first female prime minister of a Muslim-majority country?
a. Benazir Bhutto
b. Tansu Çiller
c. Khaleda Zia
d. Sheikh Hasina
Point value: 30

*Which woman was the first female pilot to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean?
a. Bessie Coleman
b. Amelia Earhart
c. Jackie Cochran
d. Jacqueline Auriol
Point value: 30

Who was the first woman to be nominated for President of the United States by a major political party?
Geraldine Ferraro
Hillary Clinton
Elizabeth Warren
Kamala Harris (100 points)
What is the name of the 19th Amendment to the United States Constitution, passed in 1920, that granted women the right to vote?
The Equal Rights Amendment
The Women's Suffrage Amendment
The Women's Rights Amendment
The Voting Rights Amendment for Women (50 points)
Who was the first woman to serve as an Associate Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States?
Ruth Bader Ginsburg
Sandra Day O'Connor
Sonia Sotomayor
Elena Kagan (100 points)
Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Peace Prize?
Malala Yousafzai
Mother Teresa
Aung San Suu Kyi
Jane Addams (50 points)
Who was the first woman to be elected as the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives?
Nancy Pelosi
Shirley Chisholm
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez
Ilhan Omar (100 points)
Who was the first woman to serve as the United States Secretary of State?
Madeleine Albright
Hillary Clinton
Condoleezza Rice
Susan Rice (50 points)
Who was the first woman to serve as the Chief Justice of the United States?
Ruth Bader Ginsburg
Sandra Day O'Connor
Sonia Sotomayor
Elena Kagan (100 points)
Who was the first woman to fly in space?
Sally Ride
Mae Jemison
Christina Koch
Peggy Whitson (50 points)
Who was the first woman to win a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction?
Toni Morrison
Alice Walker
Emily Dickinson
Willa Cather (100 points)
Who was the first woman to be awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature?
Toni Morrison
Alice Munro
Nadine Gordimer
Selma Lagerlöf (50 points)
Who was the first woman to be awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics?
Marie Curie
Rosalind Franklin
Chien



*Who was the first woman to be elected to the U.S. Congress?
a. Susan B. Anthony
b. Hillary Clinton
c. Shirley Chisholm
d. Nancy Pelosi

*Who was the first woman to serve as U.S. Supreme Court Justice?
a. Ruth Bader Ginsburg
b. Sandra Day O'Connor
c. Elena Kagan
d. Sonia Sotomayor

*Which amendment to the U.S. Constitution granted women the right to vote?
a. 15th Amendment
b. 19th Amendment
c. 21st Amendment
d. 24th Amendment

*What was the first U.S. law to guarantee equal pay for equal work for men and women?
a. Equal Pay Act of 1963
b. Civil Rights Act of 1964
c. Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938
d. National Labor Relations Act of 1935

*Who was the first woman to run for U.S. President as a major party candidate?
a. Shirley Chisholm
b. Hillary Clinton
c. Elizabeth Warren
d. Kamala Harris

*Who was the first woman to serve as CEO of a Fortune 500 company?
a. Mary Barra
b. Carly Fiorina
c. Ursula Burns
d. Virginia Rometty

*Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize?
a. Marie Curie
b. Malala Yousafzai
c. Mother Teresa
d. Toni Morrison

*Who was the first woman to serve as U.S. Secretary of State?
a. Madeleine Albright
b. Condoleezza Rice
c. Hillary Clinton
d. Susan Rice

*Who was the first woman to win the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction?
a. Edith Wharton
b. Pearl S. Buck
c. Toni Morrison
d. Alice Walker

*Who was the first woman to win an Olympic gold medal?
a. Simone Biles
b. Jackie Joyner-Kersee
c. Wilma Rudolph
D



Who was the first woman to host her own talk show? (point value: 5)
-Oprah Winfrey
-Ruth Bader Ginsburg
-Hillary Clinton
-Ellen DeGeneres

Who was the first woman to win an Academy Award for Best Actress? (point value: 10)
-Katharine Hepburn
-Meryl Streep
-Viola Davis
-Bette Davis

Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize? (point value: 15)
-Marie Curie
-Malala Yousafzai
-Mother Teresa
-Aung San Suu Kyi

Who was the first woman to become a self-made millionaire in the United States? (point value: 20)
-Madam C.J. Walker
-Oprah Winfrey
-Sheryl Sandberg
-Annie Oakley

Who was the first woman to be elected as the Prime Minister of a country? (point value: 25)
-Sirimavo Bandaranaike
-Indira Gandhi
-Golda Meir
-Margaret Thatcher

Who was the first woman to be appointed to the Supreme Court of the United States? (point value: 30)
-Sandra Day O'Connor
-Ruth Bader Ginsburg
-Elena Kagan
-Sonia Sotomayor

Who was the first woman to be elected as the President of a country in South America? (point value: 35)
-Isabel Perón
-Cristina Fernández de Kirchner
-Dilma Rousseff
-Michelle Bachelet

Who was the first woman to be elected as the President of a country in Africa? (point value: 40)
-Ellen Johnson Sirleaf
-Nawaz Sharif
-Aung San Suu Kyi
-Sheikh Hasina

Who was the first woman to be elected as the President of a country in Asia? (point value: 45)
-Corazon Aquino
-Megawati Sukarnoputri




Brian Mannix
can you include the list above, but include the correct answers to the quetsions?
Here is a revised version of the test with the correct answers included:

Who was the first woman to serve as a Supreme Court Justice in the United States? Sandra Day O'Connor
Who was the first woman to run for president in the United States? Victoria Woodhull
Who was the first woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize? Jane Addams
Who was the first woman to win an Academy Award for Best Actress? Greta Garbo
Who was the first woman to be elected as a governor in the United States? Nellie Ross
Who was the first woman to be appointed as the United States Secretary of State? Madeleine Albright
Who was the first woman to be elected as the Speaker of the House of Representatives in the United States? Nancy Pelosi
Who was the first woman to be appointed as the United States National Security Advisor? Condoleezza Rice
Who was the first woman to be elected as the President of the International Olympic Committee? Jacqueline Anne Belle
Who was the first woman to be awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom? Eleanor Roosevelt
Who was the first woman to be awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction? Edith Wharton
Who was the first woman to be awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature? Selma Lagerlöf
Who was the first woman to be awarded the



