ALTERNATIVES

Take a selfie with a cardboard cutout of Eddie Sing and post it on Instagram with the hashtag #EddieSelfie
Record a lip sync to the song "Moonlight Summer Dance" and post it on TikTok with the hashtag #MoonlightLipSync
Create a Twitter thread discussing the themes of the song "This My America" and include the hashtag #ThisMyAmerica
Create a Facebook event inviting friends to a listening party for the album American Split and include the hashtag #AmericanSplitListeningParty
Create a Pinterest board featuring quotes and lyrics from the album American Split and include the hashtag #AmericanSplitInspiration
Record a video of yourself singing along to the song "Stand Up" and post it on YouTube with the hashtag #StandUpSingAlong
Make a meme featuring a lyric from the song "Mineola (Screaming Your Name in the Night)" and post it on Reddit with the hashtag #MineolaMeme
Share a Spotify playlist featuring songs that inspire you to "Please You" and include the hashtag #PleaseYouPlaylist
Create a Google Doc featuring your own interpretation and analysis of the song "The Dream" and share it with friends on Google Drive with the hashtag #TheDreamAnalysis
Take a screenshot of your favorite lyric from the song "Come On, Come On" and post it on Instagram with the hashtag #ComeOnLyric
Record a voice note of yourself discussing the themes of the song "She's Takin' Me With Her" and post it on Soundcloud with the hashtag #ShesTakinMeWithHer
Create a LinkedIn post featuring a quote from the song "The Love" and include the hashtag #TheLoveQuote
Share a Spotify playlist featuring songs that inspire you to "Take The Dream With You" and include the hashtag #TakeTheDreamPlaylist
Create a Facebook post featuring your own interpretation and analysis of the song "Some Justice Opportunity" and include the hashtag #SomeJusticeAnalysis
Take a screenshot of your favorite lyric from the song "Moonlight Summer Dance" and post it on Twitter with the hashtag #MoonlightLyric
Record a lip sync to the song "This My America" and post it on TikTok with the hashtag #ThisMyAmericaLipSync
Create a Twitter thread discussing the themes of the song "Stand Up" and include the hashtag #StandUpThread
Create a Pinterest board featuring quotes and lyrics from the song "Mineola (Screaming Your Name in the Night)" and include the hashtag #MineolaInspiration
Share a Spotify playlist featuring songs that inspire you to "Please You" and include the hashtag #PleaseYou







"Screaming Your Name in the Night" - Imitate the sounds of a person screaming for help or in terror, using various vocal pitches and intensities.
"This Is My America" - Chant a patriotic slogan or motto in unison with the group, while making as much noise as possible.
"Stand Up" - Do a dramatic reading of a political speech or rally cry, using exaggerated hand gestures and facial expressions.
"Mineola" - Act out a scene from a Thanksgiving dinner, complete with awkward small talk and over-the-top gratitude.
"Please You" - Take turns serenading each other with love songs, using whatever instruments or props are available.
"The Dream" - Create a lip sync performance of a motivational or uplifting song, complete with costumes and choreography.
"Come On, Come On" - Do a seductive dance or striptease, using props or clothing items to add to the performance.
"She's Takin' Me With Her" - Act out a scene from a horror movie, complete with screams and jump scares.
"The Love" - Recreate a romantic movie scene, complete with dialogue and gestures.
"Take The Dream With You" - Perform a dramatic monologue about never giving up on your dreams, using props or costumes to enhance the performance.






Do a dramatic reading of a love letter written to a kitchen appliance.
Do a lip sync performance of a song by a famous rapper while dressed in a tutu.
Participate in a "Human Knot" challenge with the other players, where you all hold hands and try to untangle yourselves without letting go.
Do a blind taste test of different condiments and try to guess what each one is.
Play "Human Rock, Paper, Scissors" where players act out rock, paper, or scissors instead of using hand gestures.
Do an interpretive dance to a song of your choice, using only your face to express the emotions of the song.
Play "Human Statues," where players try to hold a pose for as long as possible without laughing or moving.
Do an "Impression Off," where players take turns imitating different celebrities or cartoon characters.
Play "Human Sculpture," where players create a human statue by posing in a certain position and then having the other players take turns adding to the statue by posing on top of them.
Play "Human Knots," where players try to tie themselves into a knot while standing on one leg.
Do a dramatic retelling of a scene from your favorite movie, using only facial expressions and hand gestures.
Participate in a "Human Obstacle Course," where players have to navigate through a series of challenges using only their bodies.
Do a "Human Wheelbarrow Race," where players have to race across the room in a wheelbarrow position.
Play "Human Simon Says," where players have to imitate the actions of the "Human Simon" without being told to do so.
Do a "Human Limbo," where players have to limbo under increasingly lower objects without touching them.
Play "Human Simon Says," where players have to imitate the actions of the "Human Simon" without being told to do so.
Do a "Human Limbo," where players have to limbo under increasingly lower objects without touching them.
Do a "Human Hula Hoop," where players have to keep a hula hoop around their waist for as long as possible.
Play "Human Red Light, Green Light," where players have to freeze when the "Human Simon" says "red light" and move when they say "green light."
Do a "Human Balancing Act," where players have to balance on one foot for as long as possible.
Play "Human Hot Potato," where players have




Do an impression of a famous celebrity or politician while singing a song from the American Split album
Do a stand-up comedy routine about a topic from one of the songs on the album
Write and perform a short skit about a scene from one of the songs on the album
Do a karaoke performance of a song from the American Split album
Do a dramatic reading of a monologue from one of the songs on the album
Do a lip sync performance to a song from the American Split album
Do a dance performance to a song from the American Split album
Play a game of charades using a theme from one of the songs on the album
Do a blind taste test and guess the flavors of various foods or drinks while listening to a song from the American Split album
Take a shot of a mystery drink every time a certain word or phrase is sung in a song from the American Split album
Do a talent show performance of any skill or talent, incorporating a song from the American Split album into the act
Play a game of truth or dare, with dares related to the themes of the songs on the American Split album
Play a round of never have I ever, with statements related to the themes of the songs on the American Split album
Play a game of "Two truths and a lie," with statements related to the themes of the songs on the American Split album
Play a game of "Would you rather," with dilemmas related to the themes of the songs on the American Split album
Play a game of "Most likely to," with statements related to the themes of the songs on the American Split album
Play a round of "Celebrity," with names of celebrities related to the themes of the songs on the American Split album
Play a round of "Animal, vegetable, mineral," with items related to the themes of the songs on the American Split album
Play a round of "Zip, zap, zop," using phrases or words related to the themes of the songs on the American Split album
Play a round of "Rock, paper, scissors," with actions related to the themes of the songs on the American Split album
Do a blindfolded taste test and try to guess the flavor of various foods or drinks, with each item related to the themes of the songs on the American Split album
Do a "Human knot" exercise with a group, incorporating actions or phrases related to the themes of the songs on the American Split album
Play a round of "Hot potato," with a ball or other object, incorporating actions or phrases related to the themes of





ALTERNATE: "Get your groove on!" - For this challenge, players must put on a song from the American Split album and perform a dance routine to it. Players can choose any song from the album and come up with a creative and silly dance routine to go along with it. The player with the most entertaining and unique dance routine wins 100 points.

ALTERNATE: "Impressionist showdown" - Players must choose a character from one of the songs on the American Split album and do their best impression of that character. Players can choose to impersonate a character from "Some Justice Opportunity," "Moonlight Summer Dance," or any other song on the album. The player with the most accurate and entertaining impression wins 100 points.

ALTERNATE: "Karaoke night" - Players must choose a song from the American Split album and perform a karaoke version of it. Players can choose to sing solo or form a group and perform a duet or group performance. The player or group with the most entertaining and on-key performance wins 100 points.

ALTERNATE: "Charades" - Players must choose a character or event from one of the songs on the American Split album and act it out for their teammates to guess. Players can choose to act out a scene from "Some Justice Opportunity," "Moonlight Summer Dance," or any other song on the album. The player or team who guesses the correct character or event first wins 100 points.

ALTERNATE: "Story time" - Players must choose a character or event from one of the songs on the American Split album and tell a funny or imaginative story about them. Players can choose to tell a story about a character from "Some Justice Opportunity," "Moonlight Summer Dance," or any other song on the album. The player with the most creative and entertaining story wins 100 points.

ALTERNATE: "Act it out" - Players must choose a character or event from one of the songs on the American Split album and act out a short skit or scene based on it. Players can choose to act out a scene from "Some Justice Opportunity," "Moonlight Summer Dance," or any other song on the album. The player or team with the most entertaining and well-acted skit wins 100 points.

ALTERNATE: "Talent show" - Players must choose a talent or skill and show it off for the group. This could be anything from singing, dancing, magic tricks, comedy, or any other talent or skill. The player with the most impressive talent wins 100 points.

ALTERNATE: "Drunk dial" - Players must choose a character or event from one of the songs on the American Split album and pretend to drunkenly call a friend or family member, ranting and raving about it. Players can choose to drunkenly dial a character from "Some Justice Opportunity," "Moonlight Summer Dance," or any other song on the album. The player with the most convincing and humorous drunken dial wins 100 points.

ALTERNATE: "Make a music video" - Players must choose a song from the American Split album and create a music video for it. Players can use props, costumes, or any other creative


ALTERNATE: "The Michael Brown Dance-Off" - Players must come up with their own dance routine inspired by the events in Ferguson and perform it in front of the group. Points awarded based on creativity and enthusiasm.
ALTERNATE: "Moonlight Matchmaker" - Players must use their best pick-up lines to try and woo a member of the opposite sex (or same sex, depending on preference) within the group. Points awarded for success in "scoring a date."
ALTERNATE: "The Stand Up Impersonation Show" - Players must do their best impersonation of President Trump during the 2021 attempted coup. Points awarded for accuracy and comedic timing.
ALTERNATE: "The Thanksgiving Feud" - Players must come up with their best arguments for why their own Thanksgiving traditions are the best. Points awarded for passion and convincing arguments.
ALTERNATE: "The Please You Seduction Showdown" - Players must use their most seductive techniques to try and win over a member of the opposite sex (or same sex, depending on preference) within the group. Points awarded for success in "scoring a date."
ALTERNATE: "The Dream Interpretation Game" - Players must come up with their own creative interpretations of their dreams and present them to the group. Points awarded for originality and entertainment value.
ALTERNATE: "Come On, Come On Karaoke" - Players must perform their best rendition of the song "Come On, Come On" in front of the group. Points awarded for vocal talent and stage presence.
ALTERNATE: "She's Takin' Me With Her Talent Show" - Players must showcase their hidden talents in front of the group. Points awarded for skill and creativity.
ALTERNATE: "The Love Confession Booth" - Players must confess their love to a crush (real or fictional) in front of the group. Points awarded for passion and romance.
ALTERNATE: "Take The Dream With You Talent Show" - Players must showcase their dreams and aspirations in front of the group. Points awarded for ambition and originality.



Regenerate response

ChatGPT Dec 15 Version. Free Research Preview. Our goal is to make AI systems more natural and safe to interact with. Your feedback will h
